I love you, that's why I'm here today.
The beautiful uptown Burbank.
Harmontowns.
Session.
May 28, 2018.
It doesn't have shingles.
It's still sweet.
It ain't come clean.
And there's nothing love adjusts.
And you'll tell me you say I don't feel so good.
You know you be like, oh, lie down.
I'm from Snuggletown, USA.
The mayor.
Harmontowns, and I'm a hip hop, a room to the mob.
So clean your mother's pussy until I hit the top of the engineering industry.
I'm a custodian.
Don't cause me misery.
I started at the bottom.
Now I'm going to the top because of the aforementioned mob.
I'm going to fuck your mama and rap.
All right.
Yeah.
It's good.
All right.
Stop it.
Stop the goddamn music.
It's already got someone rapping on it.
That's Rob Tanchum, everybody.
Our friend Rob with background vocals by our own church.
Whoa.
Yeah.
When's that coming out, that album?
Soon, right?
Church, you know?
Tonight.
Get it at Best Buy.
That's something to look forward to.
It's good stuff.
It's about his own maniac, high anxieties, and weird catechesis.
And it's beautifully written and wonderfully done.
I watched you record a piece on it.
It was very good.
Yeah.
That's fun.
He worked very hard on that.
I guess you're not probably not.
No, you are supposed to tell people you worked hard on your rap album.
Rappers work hard on their albums.
Yeah.
Yeah, he worked very hard on it.
He took it very seriously.
And I think it's very impressive.
He had to kind of be talked into doing it because he's like,
I don't want to do a white guy comedy rap album.
He's right to have those anxieties.
But the truth is, he's so good.
Like, I was like, just do it.
Like, yeah, you're right.
It's objectively on paper.
It's a corny concept, but so is jumping over a high pole at the Olympics.
It's like, oh, I'm going to do that again.
Like, yeah, just do it.
How do you pick pole vaults?
How do you go like, that's my shit.
Yeah, I don't know.
It's weird, isn't it?
Because they're jumping, but they're doing it with a big stick.
Sometimes it snaps in half.
And what you have is a giant knife, like two fiberglass knives in your hand
that can just impale you through your abdomen.
Coming and going.
I mean, let's face it, really.
What Olympic activities do we even approve of?
Like, maybe like running.
Running's good.
Swimming, I guess.
No, swimming.
You don't have, there's never a cause in life to swim fast.
Yeah, let's not compete.
You're not going to have to swim a shark.
If you're swimming, we should do it as a team.
Like, not competitive.
What causes in life, or is it about this idea?
This is what I could never figure out.
This is the Olympic rhetoric that I never understood.
It's this idea of like, oh, it's about nations coming together,
but then it's also at the exact same times,
it's about nations coming together.
It's about proving which country can be better,
and about the potential of the human potential.
It's kind of how quickly you can bankrupt a city or a country
by building a bunch of stadia that are never going to be used again.
I just, I mean, what if you drafted your team in the Olympics?
Like, you got all the skiers, and then like,
you had to like, you know, each country got to like,
get like everyone else's.
You know, I love is the biathlon in the Winter Olympics,
where they ski and shoot, because that's some real shit.
Well, that's what calls into question the whole endeavor
of Olympics, because it's like, why not fucking chess
if you can ski and shoot as like a sport?
If you were a Scandinavian, like, homeless person with a gun,
like, you need to be able to ski around, not die,
and then kill your food and carry your gun on your back,
like, that's like some hunting.
Yeah, I mean, I think the Olympics are a little silly
at this point, right?
I think the only sport that really comes in handy in day-to-day life
is water polo.
Water polo is fun, because you try to kill other people
for most of the game.
I keep finding myself in situations where I'm in my
underwear with a little cap on my head.
Right.
And you want to hold a ball up your head?
I want to throw a ball through a small net,
but there's never anybody else there to pass it to.
Right.
That's what satisfies me about water polo.
My driver, not tonight's driver, but that's whoever
my previous driver was, because it brings up the thing,
it says, what did you think about so-and-so?
I believe my last driver's, because I just clicked through,
but I think my last driver's name was Usola.
How do you spell that?
U-S-H-O-L-A, Usola.
I tipped him $20, because I was like, this guy's life is a mess.
You can be a famous baseball player named Poo-Holes,
and you're fine.
Yeah.
You've got to get good at something.
Yep, yep.
He's using his name.
I went to the, I went to the, I'll talk about that later
probably.
That's too, that's too, too, too thick.
Too thick, too thick a cut of beef for the beginning.
Not for the uninitiated.
Need something lighter.
I was walking down the road today and I saw a guy that
looked so much like Spencer.
I was, I almost went up to him and said, are you trying?
Like, are you a big fan?
Because it looked like somebody who had dedicated efforts
to look like Spencer.
Where was he?
He was walking into like a juice place.
Oh, yeah, that's not me.
Yeah, that's not you.
You should have set him straight.
If he wants to really pull off the Spencer thing,
he don't walk into the juice place.
No.
I started watching this new true crime show called Cold Justice,
and it's like a very unusual show because it's,
we're all familiar with cold cases now,
the appeal of those.
Well, this crime hasn't been solved yet.
It's these two women and they go from town to town.
The whole thing has this very uplifting mood to it because
these women come to your town and solve your cold case for you.
Sure.
So the way it's edited, it's just like, it's just on this side
of like, it just feels more like a home improvement show.
Like the music and the editing of it are like,
so they roll in and they're like, they're like,
so Tiffany Johnson got sexually assaulted and murdered 10 years
ago and they can't figure out how it is.
Here's the police that couldn't figure out how it was.
Hi, how are you?
And then they go to the family who have been unable to have
closure for 10 years and they chat with them,
but they're very upbeat and they're like,
they're doing bits not in front of the family,
but it's like, the family's going to watch the show.
So then there's like, it has like this,
they try to create this little feeling of camaraderie because
they're working with the cops and they're like,
hey, we're driving to the penitentiary.
We're going to talk to Ringo.
Anything you guys wanted to say to us?
Yeah.
That's a big 10-4.
If you could just get him to say that he killed Tiffany Johnson,
that would be great.
Get him to say he murdered and raped her.
I mean, that's what we want.
And they're like, yeah, I wish.
Do they always get their man?
Yeah, they do.
They apparently do.
So then they go to the, and then the music kind of gets
kind of lilting and they come back, you know,
they structure it.
So it's like you check in with the grieved family members.
And so then at the end, it's like, it just feels very much
like one of those shows where we remodel your kitchen.
They keep coming back and going, guess who murdered your
daughter 10 years ago?
It was the mailman.
You were right.
No, I knew it.
I knew it.
You know how the criminal justice system said it wasn't the
mailman, but you did?
Well, you were right.
You know, I thought it was amazing.
I mean, it's a good show, but it really was tasteless when
they were like, you know, we're about to reveal the killer,
move that truck.
And then he's like, the killer's behind a truck.
Which show is that?
Is it called Move That Truck?
No, it's a great joke and everyone loved it.
I watched a new show called, it's about cold cases too,
but they make it look real sexy by the end of it.
It's called Pimp My Cold Case.
They put an aquarium in someone's coffin.
Yeah.
And at the end of it, you're the boss of Cupcakes.
Wait a second, Harmon.
Every time.
I'll wait an hour and a half.
Every time they come on the show, they solve a case.
Why aren't they the most famous detectives in the world?
I don't think these cases are all that cold.
I think it feels to me like, basically, they're just taking
the budget and time that a television show affords
that a municipal government doesn't afford its victims
because it costs $500,000 and 48 hours to detect semen
a little better, like, you know, act like you give a fuck.
Well, that's very depressing.
Well, if you think about it, you know there's a dollar cost to this stuff.
You know that black people get murdered and, like,
they don't fucking send David Caruso into a fucking, you know, black light lab.
No, but it's depressing that it's so easy to impact justice
that you could be like, we got a TV show.
We're going to come in and fund the government.
I truly think that's what it is.
I mean, we know that that's essentially what the Innocence Project is,
is that they're, you know, it's like, holy shit,
if you just bothered to take the time,
everyone turns out to be innocent, but holy crap, like, like, it's like, it's like, you know,
you're up on your knees and you're better.
You're either about to make yourself a cocktail or a jerk.
Should I rub your nipple or do you need to handle this?
Either way you should.
Why can't it be both?
Right.
All right.
Speaking of perfect worlds, a special guest tonight.
I did tell, I told you guys this a thousand times, right,
that I went to the doctor and he was, I was worried about my testicles
getting to that age.
I thought maybe I felt something.
Yeah.
And then the doctor, doctor's like, well, do you want me to,
do you want me to feel them?
Yeah.
Well, I'd make me feel better.
It came here.
And then he, like, he just started feeling,
I don't know if I caught myself, like I started touching my nipple.
Again?
I reached up.
No, no, no.
I was just making sure.
It's a story.
I was just making sure I had talked about that.
Oh, God damn it.
If that's a recurring thing, then we have to talk about that.
Our next guest has been seen in all media,
just like everyone else, because the world is now a hive mind in
which everyone has an equal chance to cause a riot in Tunisia or
die in obscurity.
It really doesn't matter.
Fame means nothing.
But if you're, if you like nice, interesting, good kids with hearts
of gold and minds like a labyrinth, and you like our friend Duncan
Trussell, this guy rules in that crew, you know?
I call him the Pembertunes.
Please welcome Johnny Pemberton to my bed.
Oh, yeah.
Johnny Pemberton to the stage.
Yeah.
Sorry.
We didn't really explain anything to you, because we don't.
Hi, guys.
We've been working with the format a little bit since we lost our audience.
It's great.
It's a great new format.
A lot of new changes and stuff.
It's really good.
This could be big what's happening right now.
Using all the mics he's about to.
Well, as a specify, I don't want to make a mistake.
Well, Johnny, Johnny, three mic Pembertunes.
This is good, because we only had one guest lined up,
but you could actually fill in for three guests right now.
I'll do three.
What do you want me to do?
Is it three?
You might already be.
Did you bring some clips from your new show Pembertunes?
Yeah.
Did we have those clips?
What are the Pembertunes?
Pembertunes episode.
Pembertunes episode two is the best.
It's got a lot of new.
We've got Neil Patrick Harris and David Allen Greer.
Yeah.
You guys go skiing, right?
We go skiing on the summertime.
It's a mountain.
It's like a thing with wheels, like wheel skiing type thing.
It's crazy.
All right.
Well, let's let's check that out.
Click click.
What's going on out here?
I'm David Allen Greer.
I shouldn't have been skiing in the first place.
Not on mud.
I'm Neil Patrick Harris.
I'm a special guest, Neil deGrasse Tyson.
Hey, Neil.
Timber.
Oh, shit.
How does all this work, Neil deGrasse Tyson?
I just got killed by a tree.
Don't ask me to space and beyond.
Wow.
So is it kind of, is it a half hour or is it?
So that was all live action.
Yeah.
It's all live action.
Then you go back and flash animated.
Yeah.
Everything is done in a, it's reverse flash with live action.
Everything is comped in.
They do it like a thing where they, it's all composite shots.
It's like drunk history meets Caroline goes to the city.
Caroline goes to the city.
Yeah.
It's drunk history meets Caroline goes to the city except this time we're taking the
drawings that Caroline made you never saw and we're showing them.
And Caroline goes to the city is like a young Sheldon to Caroline in the city.
Right.
It's about her getting there.
Yeah.
Before she got there.
What's the angle on young Sheldon?
Give me the log line.
Elevator pitch on young Sheldon.
I think that, I think the title is the elevator pitch.
It's like he's a, it's a single camera Chuck Glory show.
Right.
That's the real pitch.
Oh, it's a single camera, huh?
Yeah.
I think so.
Right.
Wow.
I didn't know that.
Really get intimate.
I said, I met young Sheldon or you met Chuck.
They're the same person.
I met Chuck.
Lori at a, that's some thing.
Oh, I think I met him.
I think I met him at Caroline's and at that thing that Eric Idol did the dick, the dick
show.
I think he was there.
All about dick.
Yeah.
Anyways.
I was like, oh, that's Chuck.
Lori.
Yeah.
We met at the after party there.
And, and then I, and then I asked him.
Like, is there something you, what is it that you want?
What is it?
Right.
Like, what do you want?
What do you want?
Why did you get out of bed today?
But the way, but the way you said it was, what the fuck dude?
Yeah.
What did he say?
He said, he said, well, actually I want what you, what you have.
I want to do, I'd love to do a single camera show.
That's a, you know, that's it.
I was waiting for him to say that is a critical darling.
And it's very well crafted, but he really just was talking about medium.
I'd like to do what you do.
I'd like to just work less cameras.
Yeah.
Just less cameras and have more time to edit.
That does sound nice.
Nobody wants to do single cameras.
If you can do a multi camera thing, the hours are way better.
It's cheaper.
I think, yeah.
But I guess if you, I mean, well, I would imply maybe he has a creative ambition that's
not being, maybe, maybe that's, maybe that's all it's left once you've conquered the,
the medium, you know, you go like, okay, but what, what would I, what can't I do?
I'm going to do that.
I guess I would retire.
I would start, I would start pole vaulting.
Yeah.
I wouldn't, I would not do it.
I'm not going to, I did, I did think for a little bit.
Like maybe I'll do multi cam, but then I tried it.
I sucked at it.
And I wasn't like, Oh, that means it's important to do.
I was like, I'll do it again.
I can't watch it or make it.
Now I have to figure out a different way to get the fuck out of this business.
What about supplements?
I don't think those earn you money.
Although if you go to forehims.com, you can get supplements.
You can help us make money by putting in the, the code erection.
We could prevent you from going bald.
Right.
And that'll make you money because the world loves hair.
Yeah.
And they're willing to pay for it in India.
Don't we get it from there?
Oh, we get it from, if we get it from India.
Right.
We're going bald and they're, they're giving us their hair.
They've got hair and hair like hair.
Well, what's been new, Pemberton?
Anything?
I don't know, man.
Just been moving through physical space on a daily basis.
Would you think about that royal wedding?
I know that you're a big royal watcher.
Yeah.
I did.
I had a fun time looking at the front page of CNN because sometimes I will click
at CNN just as a default.
Like as a time waster kind of, like I just click CNN to look at it.
And the entire front page of CNN was royal wedding news.
Yeah.
The entire page, even above the full was all nothing but CNN, nothing but royal wedding.
It is a big deal.
Doesn't it feel, you're maybe, you're too young for this, but it's like, I was like probably,
I was 10-ish or something like that when the princess die thing was happening.
I was alive for that.
Not her dying, but her getting married.
Like it was a royal wedding that everyone really cared about because she was, that was the
80s version of being black was that she was just like from fucking chutney or something.
People think they use that.
She was from Warwickshire.
She was from chutney.
She was from Stoke on Trent.
That was unacceptable back then.
She was from Elephant and Castle, which is my favorite place.
I think that's where Michael Cain is from.
It's called Elephant and Castle because it was originally called the, some Spanish princess
banging one of the royals and she was the Infante de Castile.
Like the child of Castile, Castile.
And nobody that lived there wanted to say, like, we're not calling that fucking Infante
de Castile, Elephant and Castle.
You know, they were like, we're not calling it fucking Infante.
We're not speaking Spanish under any circumstances.
That's smart.
There's a place called Blubber Houses in Britain.
Blubber Houses?
Blubber.
How are the Brits?
I'm sure the answer is bad.
I mean, whatever.
Is it, is it bad?
I hear they're Brexitting.
Have you heard about this?
They're Brexitting.
Have you seen this?
Have you heard about this?
Double Brexiting?
Double Brexiting.
Now there's a boy, a racial princess.
Hey, hey, hey.
Double Brexit.
Yeah.
That makes me want to frame Roger Rabbit.
But you're supposed to be helping him.
I know.
That's why I'm so bloody mad.
The double Brexit is when you poop on an Englishman's chest, right?
Yeah.
But yeah, I don't know anything about her.
I know.
I just, I heard, I heard like a.
She was on suits.
She was a co-worker of Jeff.
I was in, I was on a show that she was in.
It's crazy that she's American.
Yeah.
I mean, it's almost like it's being kind of overshadowed by the fact that she's, because
the people keep saying biracial.
She's biracial.
That's like, well, fuck that.
She's from, she's from America.
I heard she was also outspoken.
Yeah.
Probably.
I heard she's outspoken.
I heard she doesn't go there.
Really?
Wait, no.
Are you sure?
Well, she, she'll go there, but she'll make sure that.
Well, she doesn't play that.
She doesn't play that.
She won't certainly not play that.
No.
But she, she will.
She won't do that.
I mean, she may do that.
I couldn't say.
I can't understand getting excited about royalty.
However, I guess the one thing to get excited about it would be, I guess it's like NASCAR.
Like you're, you could say all you, you're watching all you want, but you're waiting
for someone to die.
Right.
Otherwise you're saying you like to watch cars driving a circle.
So like you're, you're watching the royal, we get, we get royal fever when there's a
wreck, when there's something that's happening.
Like who is the Fergie lady?
Did she, what did she sleep with a plumber or something?
She did coke too.
Whoa.
So the royals, the royals were so into the royals because they're, it's, it's being
turbulized and what was the king that slept with?
That was a big thing here.
They abdicate the throne and whatnot.
They lived in a boat.
They're not really allowed to do anything.
Right.
Like you can go visit their hat under plexiglass.
I went to London and the line to see their fucking hat.
They call it a crown was like, I'm American.
It's a, it's a hat and the line was longer than the Indiana Jones ride.
It was like unacceptable.
Did you see him?
Like, like, like, yeah, I walked up and it was like, it was a hat under glass with like,
I can't tell the difference between real jewels and like, like,
They're not the real jewels.
The real jewels.
I keep getting took.
So now they have, you go up and you want to see the Kohi Noor, the mountain of light,
speaking of Indian things that we stole.
And you go there.
It's not even the fucking real flimflam because that keeps getting taken.
So that's how you go.
So you stand in line and go look at the crown jewels and you're looking at a bunch of bullshit.
And since the world is ending and there's no reward for being cultured anymore,
like, can we just say as Americans, can we even access, I was touring that place,
that castle, whatever you call it, the, the, the, the English castle.
And, and they're just like back and tail.
To your left is the Bloody Tower. It's said that Queen Belinda every night always scratches her arse
because in 1216, an affair with the Duke of Kensington caused quite a stir in their bodies.
Well, it's like, this shit happened like so long ago that it's not even,
they didn't even have paper.
Like, like, like you're just saying some shit.
Like it's a ghost story.
They used to call hats crowns.
It's just kind of like, I can't access that stuff.
I'm like, I'm like, I don't know what anything older than 200 years could possibly be like,
because if we believed, if we valued that stuff in America, then we'd have to cop to slavery.
We'd be like, oh, yeah.
All of our awesome ancient history is about slavery or genocide.
We owe it to ourselves and each other to be always looking forward in this country.
I just said a tourist to the south with the who's live guys and like this,
not a lot of upbeat southern tourist attractions.
Like unless you're talking about blues museums or like, you know, like,
Alligators.
Alligator museums.
What was downbeat?
The Oakland Cemetery in Atlanta, Georgia.
Because aside from Bobby Jones and Margaret Mitchell,
who was the slavery movie gone with the wind.
The slavery movie?
She makes it romantic.
No, there's just there's just a thousand dead Confederate soldiers and a lot of them,
you know, have my name.
It's pretty rough.
Yeah.
I can't, I can't tour anything.
I went to the went to the Anne Frank house.
That's it.
That's a kick in the pants.
Is it?
It's a lot of laughs.
I was there.
Yeah, but it's like the furniture is all gone.
What?
They you go.
See, I would have only gone.
You go up these steep stairs and then there's like there's shit printed out on Wikipedia
and taped to the walls that you can read as you move through the.
It's just taped to the walls.
Yeah.
That seems like pretty low.
Pretty like.
Yeah.
That's not good.
Where did you go to your house and where was that Philadelphia Boston?
It was kind of cool because they had to do that.
That's what a fireplace looked like when polar fear.
It was tiny like this, this big.
It was low and it looked like a hobbit might be hanging out there.
It all looks very talky and that was the one thing that I thought that was the one tour.
We went to Al Capone's hideout somewhere in northern Wisconsin, me and my family.
And I was like, oh, all the hallways were tiny.
I always thought that museums when they showed like the recreations of the places in museums
that they were just saving money, like they were making it like 0.8 scale or something
to like use less lumber.
But like, I guess people, they didn't have vitamins.
So they were just like little hobbits back then.
He was like 5'2".
Al Capone was just like, he just looked big compared to all the other little tiny people
and they had little, their planes were small and their beer bottles were small.
We do like, when I go out into comedy shows, we play in a lot of old theaters and they're all built by tiny people.
Like you can bump your head on everything.
It's crazy.
Spencer, you know things.
Oh yeah.
Is there a name for a disorder where I can't hold a brand new pen without breaking off the clip?
Like the lapel clip or whatever you call it, pocket clip.
Lack of object permanence.
I just, I can't, I break them immediately.
Why don't you get the pens without those things on them?
What am I going to break?
So it is weird.
Like I feel like there's a lot of American whole culture that's wrapped up in like a historicalness or whatever,
like an intentional misreading or misunderstanding of history.
It's really weird.
I mean, I don't know.
It's just like, because America started in 1776, it's like we've been, we've barely been around.
And most of that time, like civil rights haven't existed.
But we go like, oh yeah, it was so long ago, this stuff happened.
It's like, no, it happened when my mom was alive.
Like there's a before and after.
It's like really crazy.
Yeah, we don't like dealing with that shit.
But like, I just was listening to a podcast that's like about lore and it talked about the Golem.
You know the Golem?
Like this mythical Golem, like a homunculus or a chimera.
The Golem legend only goes back to like late 1700s.
What was the city that the Golem was supposed to be in?
Like was it like an, I think it was in some Spanish city or maybe.
It's like a giant.
It was a clay monster made by Jewish people to protect the city.
Yeah, or not the city, the people, because apparently it was a huge thing back then to pretend that Jewish people were behind blood sacrifices.
And so you'd kill a body, you'd kill a child and then hide it in someone's like a Jewish person's basement and call the police and go like,
I think this Jewish person just sucked all the blood out of this child and then they'd go and they'd be like, well, clearly this happened.
And if they could, they could be like, we were all over here.
Prog, Golem, Prog, Prog.
In Shul and we have like, we have a thousand witnesses in a tight knit community and we're peaceful people.
And then we go like, well, you probably used one of them Golems.
No, it was the other way.
So they're like, the Golems were to like tell people not to like, don't hide a body here.
Well, yeah, he like, please don't hide a body here.
He put the body back where it came from.
He put the body back.
Was that really what the Golem did?
Did he put the body back?
He did one of the things he did.
It's like throwing a tear gas canister back at the cops.
But the second he touches that body, he becomes a necessary.
So he made a clay, he can just dissolve.
Yeah, he's a Golem.
He just turns back in the clay.
That's what the priests said.
It was the Golem.
The Golem did it.
What about state lines though?
I don't know how that works in New York.
The Golems were made out of state lines.
So they crossed themselves and they become a federal crime just by existing?
Yeah.
Remember how important the county line was in Dukes of Hazard?
Oh, man.
They just drive up and down that road and then it was like, every time it happened for the
first time, they'd be like, yeah, they're Duke boys across the county line and go, go, go.
Yeah, because Roscoe Peacoltre would lose all jurisdiction.
Yeah, he can't.
I can't.
I mean...
His name was Roscoe Peacoltre?
Yeah.
Roscoe Peacoltre.
No, was it?
It was at Chickasaw County, right?
It was Chickasaw County.
They would go into the other county and then, yeah, then all hell broke loose.
Well, I thought you forgot the name of Hazard County.
His name was Roscoe.
But they were crossing the Chickasaw County, didn't they?
I don't know.
Chickabay, Tain the Wayne.
Roscoe Peacoltre was the name of the...
And J.D....
It was Jefferson Davis Hogg.
So if you don't think, I got T's in elementary school.
So I went to the Turner Upfronts because I'm part of the Turner family.
And it was really funny because I was there a couple of years ago.
I was there for the one that was before the elections.
And I remember at that one, because I remember we had...
Allie, a shock hat on shortly after that.
And we had both just seen each other in New York, which is why she was on the show.
We were at the Turner Upfronts and we were talking about how weird it was,
how much they were selling that the election was going to be a squeaker,
which made it extra funny this year because they were like...
Wolf Blitzer couldn't be found in the building.
Last time he was front and center and was promising these sponsors.
Folks, the barely unspoken but practically spoken message was,
hey, Colgate, Nike, Heinz, whatever, whoever's here.
Don't be thinking that Hillary's got this in the bag.
This is going to be a fucking barn burner.
That's what a squeaker means?
Yeah.
They kept using that phrase.
And all of our research shows, it's going to be a squeaker.
Because they're selling a television show called The News that hasn't happened yet.
A squeaker is one of advertisers.
Yeah, very close.
Almost too close to tell ourselves.
And so then this year, they come out, I missed a year probably,
but then they come out and it's like, they barely mentioned CNN,
except towards the end and then they run this thing that's like this poetry piece
that's about what if everyone started calling Apple's bananas
and then there's one girl who knows an Apple as an Apple or something like that.
But it's mostly just like visual stuff and then there's like an understated title
that says like, the truth is more important than ever right now.
I was like, yeah, I wonder why?
How'd that happen?
Who created that fucking marketplace?
Yeah, the truth is pretty valuable right now.
It's crazy how foggy it got there for a while.
Remember the squeaker?
You cocks?
It's crazy how they keep paying people to come on their own channel
and say, these are oranges, these are oranges, these are oranges.
Give me money.
The company saying they're not supposed to say that.
Please pay us $500,000 for 30 seconds during Kellyanne Conway
like spitting saliva into the camera and saying that the president's dick is big
so that Anderson Cooper can roll his eyes at it
because the truth is more important than ever right now.
He has a big dick?
It's pretty big.
I haven't watched it in a while.
That's canon on the news.
It's really wide, it's super wide.
It's not very long.
So it's wider than it is long?
In high school they called him trash cantalids.
Trash cantalids.
Because his dick is like 14 inches wide but it's only about 2 inches long.
He can please 11 school kids by spinning it.
And it's not even against the law
because it's technically zonable as playground equipment.
Oh, it's one of those little things you sit on.
It's called sim spin, right?
It's called sim spin but don't let that...
I mean that's been co-opted by the porn industry as being like...
That was a spinner.
That's a squeaker.
A squeaker and a spinner and that's the same.
It's going to be a spinner.
It's a squeak and spin.
A snapper.
A squeak and a squeak.
It's red snapper, squeak and spin all the way until the end.
It's a snapper, squeak and spin.
That's just a great fish.
Yeah.
I got a huge dent in my head where I hit my head in New York.
I thought that was a shingles.
Yeah, so you don't hit that shingles anymore?
No, it wasn't shingles.
It was a wound.
And then the...
Still there?
I hate to...
I don't...
I'm not a big fan of using the word scab but like...
You're getting strong!
The scab...
Because I...
Different people are squeamish about different stuff and to me scabs are kind of gross when
people talk about them a lot.
But there's no way around it this time.
I had a big scab on my head and it came away.
What do you mean it came away?
But even though there wasn't a...
I'm trying not to say...
Here's the gross words for like a scab coming off.
It's sloughed off.
Detached?
It's like as if the scab was like...
Even though when I got the head wound it wasn't actively bleeding but then it turned
into this big scab and then when the scab came away there's a divot now where the scab
was.
The scab was like gonna like heal my head but then just collapsed my scalp like where
the wound was and started working on knitting the flesh back up and then maybe I picked
the scab too much and then they were like fuck it!
You want to fucking...
There's no flesh up there though to move.
It's like a very thin layer of skin.
That's what I'm saying.
If you felt my head right now you'd think there was bone damage because there's nothing
up there but skull.
I was feeling my head but I'm thinking I feel it.
It might be more Gellin's disease.
More Gellin's disease?
More Gellin's?
More M-O-R-G-E-L-L-O-N-S?
I thought it was more Gellin's.
Is it more Gellin's?
I think if you have more Gellin's you can say it however you want.
It's sort of like gangstocking.
Gangstocking?
It's like gangstocking the disease.
More Gellin's disease.
What is it?
What's gangstocking?
Gangstocking is when you think a bunch of people are stalking you all the time and then
you go on coast to coast A.M. and talk about it every night.
Okay.
Yeah, you're right.
That's gangstocking.
And more Gellin's disease is when you think the aliens have put fibers in your body and
they're growing out of your skin, colorful fibers because you've been experimented by
the government and the gangstocks, they stalk you because the government is trying to keep
track of you so you don't report it to CNN or coast to coast A.M.
Oh.
Yeah.
I thought, I don't know if we talked about this on this show but I know Duncan was talking
about this at one point where it's like the people that, now that we live in this world
where we're, like there's people who are using the woke language to defend basically what
10 years ago we all just recognized it's like you need help, like in terms of like mental
illness.
People are saying, people are using phrases like I identify as a person who has radio
signals coming through his teeth fillings.
So you can't tell me that I don't.
You can't call me crazy.
That's offensive.
Yeah.
My crazy is not your prom dress.
Which is, which is very interesting because it's like, yep, you got us.
You fucking got us.
I think that's, George Norris were doing that forever though.
It kind of got, I think it's great that he does that.
I love that Art Bell would do that, I mean I, it's like, Art Bell was like, he would
just open the lines and go like, I want to hear from Time Travelers, now I want to hear
it.
Yeah.
You're the Antichrist, call in.
And he always does stuff where he, when someone says something super crazy and you think
he's about to call him on it, he goes, what color was the spaceship?
There's these guys, there's a podcast called Expanded Perspectives, I think that's what
it's called.
And it's two like Southern guys.
I picture them both as looking like Charlie Daniels or like, like Johnny Paycheck.
Yeah.
And they, because they talk like this and they're both, they're both, they're both fine Southern
sounded gentlemen, they razz each other about whether or not their wife has got them whipped
or how they're remodeling their kitchen and they're not, they're not all the way like,
you know, they're not, they're like into like Bigfoot and like Dog Man and like all this
weird shit.
And then like anybody who writes to them, they'll just read, if you just write to them
and say, like the one guy, like, all right, we got to get to some of these letters.
Here Expanded Perspectives, I'm a truck driver that was going down highway five and I have
a story to tell you.
Oh boy, this sounds good.
Like they like vocalize on something like, I was driving when it suddenly my eyes picked
up the sight of a giant lizard man on the side of the road.
What?
No.
They often like like the guy like, and I was standing face to face with a human face
in dinosaur hybrid.
What?
Holy shit.
What episode was that?
It's all of them.
They, they, are they doing a bit or are they really yes and I think they're kind of, because
because then I kept listening to it, I was like, wait, did they just, did you just yes
and everybody who writes in, but then then sometimes they're kind of inexplicably skeptical.
They're like, well, I don't know if that really happened, but that's quite a story.
Maybe it's the writing style to get some sometimes.
Yeah.
Like a brainstorm versus a green needle shit.
I heard it.
Someone explained it to me too in a way that was like, oh, that's not fun.
Well, here's another way that's not fun that like, you see that commercial that were the
guys like, stop the cash box and then it's like it's rock the cat box or something and
it's like, yeah, they're doing rock the Casba and they're all getting the lyrics wrong.
It's like, people have been hearing the wrong sounds forever.
I thought Michael Stipe had a list for 12 years.
Right.
Dan, do you know this thing?
Have you heard this?
Let's see if it works up to the phone here.
Are you talking about the Laurel Yanny thing?
Yeah.
It's like an extension.
This is a new one, but it's the same thing.
It's on a loop.
You either think in your head, think the word brainstorm or think the word, or it's green
needle.
Okay.
And there's one right answer.
Come on.
Go away.
I just don't like all these people trying to act like they hear a Yanny going fucking
here's the Yanny.
Okay.
Well, that's I'm proud to say I hear neither.
That sounds like a laser.
I hear what I think, man.
I totally hear what I think you've not looking at.
That's crazy.
I just don't.
I don't think I think the acoustics aren't ideal for this.
That's the point.
That's part of it is that you just parse it because you're given incomplete information
and your brain puts a perception on it is broken up into like very low frequencies and
very high frequencies.
So you, when you pick one, you're telling your brain, I want to hear the high frequency,
which is green needles, a higher register sound than brainstorm.
I will say I watched a video clip, as most of us probably did of a guy like using his
little sound app to like move the frequencies and demonstrate, but he was only demonstrating
for me that all I ever hear is Laurel.
Yeah.
Like he's like, look, look, look, look, yeah, look, let's round up these Yanny people and
fucking put an end to this because they're psychos.
I agree.
But isn't it probably like people hearing different, I mean, but they're being weird.
They're not being right.
They're being aberrant.
Like they might have bad phones, right, but that's, that's aberrant.
Like that's all not because that's the thing.
The fact is it did say Laurel.
The fact is that did say brainstorm.
It does in certain circumstances say sound green needle and that's, and that's an accurate
perception, but it's an accurate aberrant perception of reality.
You know, that's the thing.
That's what our brains are is simply making snap, quick decisions, right?
Just like people simply are wrong about stuff.
They're wrong about it being Yanny.
There's always been people that are convinced of something wrong.
Like we shouldn't pretend that they're right just because they feel like they're right.
No, they're wrong.
That blue dress, gold dress shit.
I never understood it.
Same thing.
It's like your monitor settings and how much your brightness is that it's the same thing.
Yeah, it doesn't matter.
It's not like a, well, it's also is an empirical color of the actual dress in the world, but
the picture is subject to context.
I went to the most boring thing in Atlanta and I'm vegetarian and I wanted vegetarian
biscuits and gravy and they're like all of our gravies vegetarian, but they don't kind
of want that out there.
Why would you get vegetarian?
We can't make biscuits and gravy without, but you can't do that.
Yes, you can.
Well, listen up.
I'll say you can't do that, Mr. Jeff.
I saw a true crime show where the guy, everything came down to what was in the guy's stomach
because if he, if he, if he had gone anywhere else since the restaurant where he supposedly
had breakfast, uh, uh, then I don't know, it's someone else killed a mother than his
ex-wife or whatever.
But it became very important like where he had eaten because he had onions in his stomach
and he was like, he always orders that the hash browns with no onions and we don't put
hash browns in our onions at the diner and like, and like the case goes cold and like,
because, because it doesn't say onions on the menu and the hash browns and the guy said,
I've been working here 10 years.
I've never put onions in the hash browns and then, and then the whole thing gets resolved
and what the cop is like, you know what, I'm just going to go over there and watch him
make the hash brown.
So this is like a regular kitchen at a diner.
The guy is like mixing all the fucking food together, there's onions everywhere.
There's onions on the fucking spatula.
Yeah.
So there was an onion in his stomach.
10 years, the fucking forensic files.
I don't know what it was.
All I know is that justice is, is, uh, not, it's, it's doesn't, it's, it's not, uh, helping.
Well it's blind in a bad way, it turns out.
The bad guys, the bad guys get away with a lot.
And yet I know that if I tried to commit a crime tomorrow, the same, for the same reason
that I never would, I would fail.
I would get caught immediately.
That's all about dog hair.
You want to speak on that?
These days.
Well, that's the thing is like, I have dog hair over, all over me all the time.
I constantly have covered in dog hair.
Do you have a dog?
Okay.
Good.
And I don't know, most people have a dog.
Like a lot of people have dogs or a cat and that seems to be like never factors in.
Like if you're covered, I can't get away, I can't get the dog hair off your face.
You're wondering why you're getting it worse than, then how come everybody doesn't always
have dog hair all over them?
How come like people aren't constantly caught doing things in forensic files or cold case
shows because well, this is clearly your dog's hair on you.
Yeah.
There's this orange dog hair found on the scene of crime and you have this orange dog
or whatever.
Not even, even the color.
I don't know if they do DNA for dogs.
It isn't a weird, like forensic files, it's always like, and then he stepped on a hamburger
bun after using his bare feet because he didn't want to get fair.
These people almost get away with it all the time.
They're the craziest people.
They're like, well, I really want to like sexually assault this person, but I didn't
bring any gloves.
So I'm going to put my shoe on my head and use it as a hat and it's like, they almost
get away with it, but then they like slip on a hamburger bun and then like a hamburger
bun expert spends $6 million, like reconstructing his toe with an anthropologist or something.
Those guys almost get away with it, which means a bunch of them do.
These forensic files are about the unlucky criminals.
If I would never commit a crime ever, like I would maybe commit the crime of elitism
and like, like, like hating the poor or something, you know, like an ethical crime of like thinking
I'm above other people and then I'm allowed to like, maybe I, maybe I would like dress
as a woman to escape the Titanic, that kind of thing.
Like I could see myself like doing something incredibly cowardly.
Like, like, like if I was a soldier at war, I could see myself maybe like digging a tunnel
and hiding.
Deserting.
Yeah.
Like growing a potato farm underneath the ground and waiting for the war to be over something
like that.
Like a crime, like crime like that.
You would have been an instant Nazi collaborator.
No, that's not, just don't say that.
That's that.
You would have rolled over right off, right off the bat.
No, because I do, there's only, not because I'm a hero, but because there's lines I got,
it's just like, I wouldn't, I would, the lazier it's hard to be.
It's like, I wouldn't, I would be like fucking kill me and kill me fast.
I'm not going to fucking live a life as a fucking background actor and, uh, uh, uh,
Schindler's list.
Like, like, like, like, I was in Boy Scouts for six weeks and I was like, there's no
bicycle rodeos here.
Charlie Brown lied in that commercial.
It's fucking, that was too fascist for me.
I can't fucking tow that line.
I am saying you're a fascist.
I'm saying that you, they would, they would have your number right off the bat.
Yeah.
They would kill me.
Like, I would be like, just kill me.
You're Nazis and I'm never going to, I'll fuck it all up for you.
That's not how the Nazis do it.
I know, but they're not going to give me anything that I'm going to want.
They might flatter you and get you to work for them.
I can't imagine that happening.
You're going to get them something that they want.
They don't, they don't need any.
Oh, you mean I might turn in the Jews under my floorboards?
Certainly.
I, I, I'm not going to sit here and say, I wouldn't do that because it's tacky to assign
yourself that, that, like, hero to me.
I would do that, but I'd never do that, but I'm not afraid to say it.
I'll, I'll, I'll tell you, I mean, that's why I was experiencing so much stress after
the election is because I do feel that in my heart of hearts that push, if push does
come to that kind of shove, some fucking like thing in me is going to take it to that place
and I'm not going to, I'm going to die for those people under my floorboards because
I'm, because it won't be because I'm like a good person as much as it'll be because
I'm like, like, I'm just driven by anxiety and guilt and shame and like, I'll just like
fucking take it all the way and I don't, I don't want to do that.
So please can we unelect this Nazi before shit gets dramatic?
But, but I also recognize that I can't say that I would have courage in the face of anything
like that.
I'm a coward and because I'm a coward, like I think that I would rather die than allow
a Nazi to have their way, like because I'm a, I'm a chicken shit.
So I'd be like, isn't that brave?
It's, it's, it's, it's nuanced.
I just think I'm so dedicated to cowardice that I'm like, we can't have, we can't have
this Nazi business going on.
You got it.
Yeah, I'm going to have to poison you with my tea and then I'm going to blow my brains
out.
Thank you.
Maybe if I could get close to Hitler, I'm going to eat a grenade.
I think a lot of bravery is fear based as well.
Different people.
I think, I think, I think bravery is like intelligence.
Like there's different kinds of it.
I think there are some people who are like, well, I would never, ever, ever do what you
did.
And it's like this thing that you consider dumb, you know, like, like, I mean, you know,
a lot of people have stage fright.
That's a stupid example, but I'm reading all these spy novels recently, like, like John
McCarray and stuff, and there's all this stuff that they call them, like talent spotters
or like they go out and they like, oh, like I heard your podcast or I overheard you at
the bar.
You're somebody that we absolutely could use to be a mole or defect from your home country
and work for us.
I'm in.
Sure.
Call life a tape.
I think, I think I would have been like a good kind of low level spy.
Well, I'm glad to hear you admitting that you would, yeah, they would come at you through
your fashion sense.
They would be like, because you'd be like these Nazis, they, they got pretty uniforms
like you, they value a nice shoehorn or whatever you people think about that might be how they
got you.
They'd be like, Mr. Davis, don't you do you'll not agree that these mud people have no sense
of style?
I'm not going to work for the Nazis because they're well dressed.
But the British or the Americans could have hired me to go infiltrate the Nazis because
I could, I could pull up, obviously we would all opt to be a British spy in the, in the
event of the French spy personally, but probably easier work, right?
Well, you get to be underground, you know, you get to hide and there's a lot of napping.
The reasons don't mostly Yelp reviews, that's how we took them out undermining German restaurant.
So like, I don't know if I would call this bully a base, um, stupid, acting like I know
anything about it, but, but no, but I'm sorry.
Yeah, here's what you're saying, Jeff, because you're not conceded, just convinced you're
like, Oh, in this special episode, like, like, you know, they'll do an X files where it's
like it's a black and white episode and it's aboard the Titanic and there's Nazis and stuff
like in this special episode of our lives where there's a Nazi takeover, like you're
like, Oh, I just end up being a double agent because I'd be really, I'd be really suited
to that task.
Like, yeah, okay, like, it's a nice work if you can get it, but like, most of us are
going to end up being that guy in the beginning of Inglourious Bastards, where it's like,
you have, you have your daughters and your pile of firewood and a glass of milk and you
got a fucking choice to make.
And what was the slip up in that?
I forget.
He just, he caves.
He, what do you mean?
What's the slip up?
How did they find?
He doesn't like the Jew hunter, whatever he calls himself is like, it's, it's, it's establishing
that this guy is so, so he's so intense that, that he doesn't even need to do the shit from
Schindler's list in order to get you to like his Nazism is like, so it's like a fucking
Darth Vader power that like, like, like this guy that he just like insidiously and intimately
like, like weaves his brain into this guy.
And then it's just like, just, just all you have to do is just, just move your eyes differently
and we'll take care of everything.
And the guy did that.
Yeah.
I think I must have just gone to the bathroom or something at that part.
I missed the eye movement.
Yeah, they say when they, from my zero knowledge of spy craft and all that jazz, when they,
when they find timid people, like, like, if there's a spy that knows something about this.
People who work for Disney.
People who work for Disney are that way.
Shy?
People who work for Disney, the company Disney.
Yeah, they find timid people.
Well, yeah, pretty much everyone, if you ever go to Disneyland, everyone you'll talk to
will be very nice, but also very meek.
I think it's a thing that actively seek out people who are like very like timid and meek
and they make, they make great Disneyland employees.
I worked there for a while.
I guess you're right.
You did?
Yeah.
But you're hard, Jeff.
Huh?
You're hard.
That was too hard.
It couldn't, it couldn't fucking do it.
Yeah.
I mean, they had, they had a cowboy show.
So they hired you for a little bit because they're like, we need a fucking swing and
dick.
But, but.
Did you really work there?
Yeah, I did.
When?
Oh, fuck.
I don't know.
Late nineties.
When they were getting rid of the electric, of the main street electric parade.
They brought it back.
Yeah.
Because the second one sucked.
The solar parade?
I mean, come on.
Yeah.
Fake news.
Week lights.
Yeah.
I mean, what is a parade without a little bit of a footprint?
It's all feet.
You can't stand there and just photo synthesize, that's not a parade.
I didn't improv on stuff on the parade route.
And then.
Did you do milk bubble throw?
And I wrote these sketches that were on Frontierland for like a decade, but I was there for like
two years.
It was fun.
Called him on his bubble throw.
Hell yeah.
Bubble throw.
I actually.
Fucking roasted.
I have polyps.
I have a, I have a, I actually have a bubble in my throat.
All right.
I wrote it.
That was different.
You had that.
And then it stopped.
Then you went back to polyp.
It was, it's, I have a polyp on my vocal fold.
I agree.
It's pretty gross.
I'll post a photo of it.
You're still talking and stuff.
I can talk, but it's.
You're not supposed to.
I can feel like a marble in me.
Yeah.
You don't want to.
Surgery on that is very, very dangerous.
Cause if you, if it scars, then you never talk or sing again.
I'll tell you who I'm not going to be this fucking March violets that you told me about.
Like you could see shades of that happening with the, the, when Kanye lost his grip a
little bit.
And then, but it wasn't him that was disturbing cause he's Kanye.
He, it was, it was, it was his wife, Mrs. Kardashian, who, as she was defending her husband, rather
gallantly, like she, she, part of her defense of him was like a little thematically arranged
around this idea that like, um, this is, I'm paraphrasing, but I got the message from
her that like, you know, a year from now, you're all going to be into this.
You know, it was like, I was like, that's exactly what we're bummed out about.
Like, like, like, yeah, no shit.
Like, like it's called fucking, it's called a fucking coup.
Like, I, yeah, that's why we don't, we're not enjoying it.
Can we have your permission to not enjoy it?
Like, like, like, it's not all like, this is like the fucking cerulean blue.
Yeah, it's going to come down like our version of March violence would be like, like, like,
you know what that is.
You're saying violence or violence?
Violence, like a flower.
Okay.
It's like, it's a late blooming flower and it was what we called Nazis that joined the
party later.
So if you had a really low, people who tweeted, uh, all about get this fucking guy out of
here, they were given a little bit of a amnesty, especially the rich people, you know, a coveted
thing was a very low, like early Nazi party number.
And if you were like, had a really long, like late, later day number, you joined in the
forties.
It took you long enough.
How many, how many fucking camps did we have to build before you realized that it was then
people would die.
And there was a lot of like, like black market trading is like, can I get your like, let's
kill this guy and I'm going to take his party number.
So it'll look like I joined in 1938 and not in 1944.
Absolutely.
That's exactly what's going to happen.
Like it's going to, except it's going to be like services that wipe out your Twitter
feed.
It's going to be like, it's going to be like the serial number on your, on your MAGA hat.
Like I got this MAGA hat.
Well, the dot I was getting Johnny was that when she, when Kim Kardashian was, uh, was
defending Kanye, which I want to be sympathetic to her because obviously I think, I mean,
like, I like humanity, I think if you love your husband and blah, blah, blah, like, I
know there's a lot of, there's a lot of well intended controversy about this stuff because
it comes down to, to issues that I find actually appealingly human because there are some people
who are like, Oh, is it mental health issues and all this stuff.
Like it's good.
Let's all have that conversation.
Let's all go round and round.
But so I'm not bagging on anybody for like, for, for, for, for shouting at a throng of
peasants, you know, stop judging my husband.
Um, that's just bad.
That's just an expression of love.
I'm not judging anybody for that.
And nor is it like, I'm just saying that while she was doing that, there were a couple of
things that she said that kind of just like, like part of her defense of him was like,
you know, he's always been ahead of the curve.
You know that you, it's like, like, like people always make fun of him for it.
You know, it wasn't, it wasn't, it wasn't all the way that, but it was like, there was
just this, enough of a taste of it that it was just like, Oh, that's exactly, that's
exactly what you're, what I'm afraid you're right about.
She might be right.
Of course she might be.
I mean, this is the thing you can't trust rich fucking people to lead the charge against
a fascist coup.
They're going to fucking flip as soon as the front stops holding, they're going to be
like, okay, how do I keep my house?
Yeah.
I love, I love his line where he said, uh, Puppeteer, Scoopeteer.
Puppeteer, Scoopeteer.
Yeah.
When he said that Puppeteer, Scoopeteer, that was a dog whistle.
I thought, you know what?
He makes a good point.
I hadn't considered that angle.
What he's trying to say is you should, when you see poop, you should joyfully pick it
up.
You should Puppeteer, Scoopeteer.
You shouldn't be like, I have to pick up the shit.
Is this something that he said in a song or is it in a recent song?
Yeah.
He's laid a single.
The court, this is why I think the whole Kanye thing, I think it's all sort of a publicity
smoke screen.
The smoke screen that he's trying to obfuscate the fact that he used Puppeteer, Scoopeteer
in a song.
I don't think that he gives a shit about Trump at all.
Well, I certainly will agree with you there.
I mean, there's no, there's absolutely no question that he has not a single thought
in his head about, uh, foreign policy.
Right.
I mean, he's not, yeah, but, but that's a little different from saying that he's fucking,
he does have a, Jackman in the prestige.
He has a beef with Obama and Obama.
Kanye does?
I mean, Trump is anti-Obama because Obama came out, it was this Obama's super West Coast.
Yeah.
He's like this old Scott style Chicago though, man, that's the third coast.
No, but like Obama got caught on tape by like Buzzfeed or something, like calling Kanye
a jackass.
And so like, I think Kanye took it really personally being a jackass.
And so he's like, you know, fuck you.
And then, then he comes about saying like, what did Obama do for Chicago?
And that's just, you know, he's just trying to be a douche.
Yeah.
And so Trump is saying the same thing and he's like, yeah, this is what I'm talking about.
We hate this guy.
In his defense.
If you're ever going to take anything the president says personally, it should be him
calling you a jackass.
Yeah.
You should take it so personally.
You change your life.
Not, you should be like the president.
He's the one that's wrong.
I don't know.
But in Trump's defense, black billionaire rapper employment is way up.
Right.
Um, yeah.
Uh, anyways.
No.
That's what I was talking about.
I just, I just pictured, it was like, it was like, yeah, like we're going to get desensitized
that concept too.
It's like, oh, did you hear Bruce Willis like, uh, he fucking flipped and whatever.
It's like, yeah, of course the rich people are going to flip before the people that are
going to die in pain.
I was like, Kanye said like, I don't think of America's racist.
If I thought America's racist, I'd move somewhere else, which is easy to say if you can afford
to pick up and go anywhere you want.
A little way into the same thing.
He left the interview with Katie Kirk years ago saying the same thing.
He's basically like, he basically said, I'm a very wealthy man and I wouldn't be wealthy
if racism was that big a deal in America.
And he, uh, says it in a way, he was like kind of calling out the black lives matter movement.
He doesn't really support it because she asked him about that.
And, um, it's kind of a compliment.
Yeah.
I mean, it's like, to Jeff's point, like, like, yeah, but there aren't that many jobs.
I mean, yeah, it's like, it's like, I, like, I think that's part of the problem is that
we, isn't that kind of like a, yeah, it's like a, that's like a Senator John coming in
from jogging and going like, Oh, it seems pretty cold out there today, global warming
my foot.
You know, like, yeah, it's like a, well, it's a response scale.
It's a response to experiencing racism.
You have to, you have, you experience racism or you see it somewhere and you have to make
decision either this is wrong and unjust or somehow I'm doing my thing right and other
people have just messed up and that's why I haven't failed is because it's not because
I got lucky.
It was because I did something right.
Yeah.
I think that's really important.
White people do that too.
I think that's, but I think that's important for Americans to recognize and forgive is
that because they think that's a, that's a, that's a, we don't want that to be different
about us that we, that we mythologize the idea of individual choice and that we believe
in the mythology of like you, you have that your choices make you who you are.
We certainly don't want to abandon that.
God knows it's sometimes kind of relaxing to, to just, to abandon it.
And God knows it, it does not apply so much that you, that, that your unhappiness is your
own fault.
But it is nice that we go that it's like, yeah, it's like, it's like, like, like, unlike
the global warming example, if you're a rich rapper and you go, uh, well, I must have done
something right.
Right.
Like, like, like, like you want that person thinking that way because you don't want them
thinking, well, I won the lottery.
I'm not talented at all.
I didn't do any, I didn't make good choices.
I shouldn't know.
I'm just hanging out and doing nothing.
Like we don't want, we don't want us thinking that way.
We want us to think, you know, I, I, I, I got out of bed and I did something and because
I did it this way instead of that way.
Now I'm a billionaire.
We like that mythology.
Yeah.
I mean, it's nice if we fucking supported it with a middle class economy that didn't
reward you for being born rich more than people get rewarded for earning money.
Right.
Exactly.
Cause that's the thing.
It's like, it's not like that's not true.
It's, there's also this layer that obscures everything and makes it a bit more complicated.
So you can't say, no, that's an entirely false premise that does not exist on planet earth.
It's like, there's that.
And there's also this thing that I was talking about, you know, that's still a factor.
I don't know.
It's, it's, it's a shame because like that's an example of like somebody saying something
incredibly provocative that's going to put them in this crossfire.
But really what they're doing is, is a little bit healthier than, than a lot of stuff because
at least they're using their I statements.
Like they're, they're, they're saying, well, all I know is this, you know, this is, this
is my experience.
It gets kind of insidious because it gets into what they call, I think, respectability
politics, which is basically you have to shut up and deal with black on black crime or anything
before you're allowed to make any political complaint, which is just a preconceived decision
on political argument that doesn't exist for any of the race.
Like no one has ever been like, you have to solve all your problems before you can say
taxes should be different.
You know, it's like, it's fundamentally this thing that says you're not allowed to talk
about this.
And that's what's kind of, what's insidious it was when it builds into that narrative.
Oh man.
It doesn't have to, you know.
Yeah.
That's so fucked up.
Right.
Yeah.
We go, we go like, oh, if, if somebody talks about the wealth distribution and they're
rich and you go like, oh, you're rich, so you can't talk about it.
Yeah.
Don't you, why not?
You should give all your money away then.
Isn't that a logical fallacy though?
What's that called when you talk about the straw man thing?
What's the call when you talk about like, oh, this is so bad, but, you know, but this
is worse.
False equivalence.
I could add.
How many of them?
That's a personal attack.
It's kind of like a straw man.
You're a hawk, proper hawk.
Yeah.
If this, therefore that or something.
Well, that's cause it doesn't fall.
I mean, I don't know.
It's one of them.
Because it's like saying, it's saying you're wrong because you're not adhering to this,
my heightened version of it that you never said.
So it's kind of straw manning.
Well, as they see it, they see it play out because like if a, if a, if an oligarch says
something like, I don't see why we're spending tax money repairing these potholes on Martin
Luther King Boulevard, then somebody might shame them by going, you don't live in that
neighborhood or I'm running for senator of this district and they got like, you've never,
you were born in this place and it's like that, that gets successfully and rightfully
used against like the bad guys sometimes.
And then, but then someone goes, I think prison reform should be a thing.
And then someone goes like, you haven't been to prison.
Right.
Well, yeah, I don't want to wait until I get there.
You fuck.
Yeah.
Exactly.
And the thing is like so much that's precedent at our politics is like trying to entertain
these bad faith like obstacles to even being allowed to talk politically.
It's like, you have to clear all these hurdles before they'll even let you speak.
And it's like, well, no, that's not, that's not how it works, but you have to choose to
like cut through it rather than like play by those rules.
And so it gets all fucked up.
I think then it would be more Greyhound stations and rich neighborhoods.
That could be big.
That'd be great.
Yeah.
I would agree with that.
And Bel Air, because that's how that fire started.
Fire started from a homeless encampment.
Yeah.
I saw this.
More of that.
I saw this guy, this story about this guy who like, he was this judge, this New York
chief judge who spent like half his lifetime like haranguing this woman who he was the,
he was in charge of her trust and because he, and he was like, he's doing this whole fucked
up weird thing.
He was like stalking her and fucking with her and all that stuff.
And then he got busted doing it.
And then he went to prison, but he wrote a book while he was in prison about how crazy
it is to be a judge that gets caught being a fucking criminal.
And then, so then when he got out of prison, he was the best selling author and then they,
they welcomed him back into the, the, the, you know, whatever the fuck he could still
hang out at the country club and all this stuff and he, and the, the woman's life was
ruined and stuff, but like, and then they played a clip of him being on Larry King or
something.
And he, uh, after prison.
Yeah.
After all of this.
And now he was, he's on his victory lap, like, like making his millions on his book about
how, how much he's, you know, learned about how not to get killed in prison or it's,
or it's like, you know, meditations on how, how nutty it is to be a judge and then be in
prison and then be a best selling author, like by me and, and, uh, I wrote a book called
how to, uh, learn how to make a prison belt.
And Larry, Larry King goes like, it's in the clip, Larry King's guy and like, now you,
uh, I can't do a Larry King impression, but you know, so you, but you, you did, you did
terrible things.
You, you, you did them, you, you, you, you, you ruined this woman's life and they guys,
oh yeah.
No, absolutely.
I mean, it's what I did.
There's no, there's no excuse for it.
You know, you, you find yourself, um, doing this thing and you, you, you, you, you do
this and then you do that.
You do that.
And like, because I've been in therapy, I'm like, ah, he's a fucking, like, like, like
that, that you thing, no, that royal you, it's, it's like, it's like, I do that all
the time.
He's taken it away from himself.
Yeah.
It's, it's, it's like, it's like compulsive and I know that seems like a non sequitur,
but it's like, it's kind of like what we're doing when we talk about politics.
Like we, we're constantly like tap dancing between like, we don't want intimacy.
We don't want to just be vulnerable.
Right.
And we end up saying something that's, that's not very fashionable and actually gets tomatoes
thrown at us.
Like, well, I'm a rich black baseball player.
So America been very good to me.
You know, like Bill Garrett Morris bit or whatever, like Sammy, so Sammy, so the, the, the, like,
the, like you don't, so we have to like you, like we, like we're constantly like as, as
primates, like we, we, we feel like we can't just go through life actually just expressing
ourselves because we'll, we'll then we'll get, we'll get beaten up for being like just
kind of like, I don't know what we'll call that narcissism or tunnel vision or selfishness.
But like, so you, you get rewarded over time for like talking about how the world should
be or what the world's feeling or because that's empathy.
Oh, I know how that person feels about stuff, but then that turns into this whole different
kind of like a total pandering.
Yeah.
It's just association, like you're still a sociopath because now you're talking about
everyone but yourself.
You're not selfless by doing that.
You can be a fucking horrible like person that's just like, Oh, I'm certainly I'm not
going to sit in my own skin during this conversation.
I'm going to be everyone else in the world, which is what politicians are really good
at.
Like that's all they do.
Man, what do you need?
Holy shit.
Oh shut up.
Why don't you make a golem?
It's crazy, man.
I wanted to learn about it because it is this weird quintessentially Jewish mythology that's
also like a dragon.
It's like, what if like there was like this famous Muslim Pegasus or like, you know, a
famous Sphinx or something.
It's just really weird.
The famous Catholic leprechaun.
A Catholic leprechaun.
Yeah.
The Catholic, the giant leprechaun of, of, of Saint James Cathedral.
There are Catholic giants.
There's a giant dick in Catholic zombies.
Now, what?
They're famed.
I'm going to send an Irish golem after them.
I am at your command, begosh and begora.
What do you need, man?
Go slay my enemies.
I will do that big top of the morning.
I find it, I find the only racist part of the great Irish leprechaun is that you're
in Saint James Cathedral is that he's famous for sucking his own dick, but not famous for
being a giant leprechaun.
Well, a lot of people say he's a normal person.
Right.
Okay.
Yeah.
Oh, so he's the, he's the world's tallest giant.
A lot of people accuse him of being a five foot 11.
So he might just be a guy that sucks his own dick.
He's five 11, but so is his dick.
It's a big old ripping rope.
You know, by the way, as far as Jewish mythology, the listeners to our podcast will know that
the Jewish community created another, a modern myth called Superman, two Jewish kids created
Superman.
Oh yeah.
They're always making stuff.
Those Jews, they pronounced it Superman, Superman, Superman was the original pronunciation
with Superman, Spider-man, Superman, Clark, it's so it's, I think it's a follow-up, Tom
can spit.
I know, but it's still so funny.
I mean, it's also probably beyond that, but it's like, it really is funny to say Superman.
Anytime you have like a man word that you can say like with the men instead, it's always
fun.
Like that was the one there, the, the Goy editor at DC Comics was like, boys, look, I love
Superman.
Can we make it two words?
Can we, but could we just, I, you know, could we just, I don't want to, it was a very touchy
time.
It's the 1930s.
I don't want to go there.
I don't want to compromise you.
Could we just pronounce it different?
Superman.
Oh, and then the two brothers are like out in the sidewalk cause like they're, it divides
them down the middle.
It's like, this is for our fucking uncle, you don't call it Iceberg.
Yeah.
Superman.
It's a burger.
It's for our uncle.
And the other brother is like, we take this one thing and then we have the first Jewish
character in popular culture.
Pick your battles.
It's a Trojan horse.
He, he wears a Jewish cape.
He has Jewish X-ray vision.
He's from, he's from space Israel.
The only way you can beat him is by digging up a chunk of it and he's got, he's got to
put him.
He's got, he's got to put him.
He's got those.
He come from the planet.
Put him.
Right.
What was it?
What was his planet?
Krypton.
What was it?
You forgot.
Scorpon.
Put him.
Cladrow.
Originally it was put him.
Put him.
It was originally Jewrel.
Wiz Khalid.
What's it?
I can't remember it.
Wiz Khalifa.
Yeah.
Is it Jor-El and what's the, Jor-Jor?
What is Superman's actual name?
Klarkin.
Klark-Kal-El.
It sounds very Hebrew.
Klarkin.
Oh yeah?
And he has a weakness to Afi-Koeman.
You know what Kal-El means in Hebrew?
Uh, check please.
He's just doing jokes that sound like Jewish jokes.
like I don't even know they're probably incredibly means I get enough I get
enough aggravation it means humidity I don't know there's just like word
connections why me Jarell Jarell Jarell how do you spell Jarell G like Jarell
I'm sure it's J-O-R-E-L there's a dash in a Jewish comedy comic book you know
the way they changed it from Bruce Banner to David Banner they actually
chained the new Superman movies he's from Purell that's been our show everybody
thanks for coming and now a word from our sponsor
Goliobon powder apron is the place for me I'm not going out tonight you see I'm
gonna stay in and pretend to cook when I get ingredients and that this is like
that's a good meter I'm not gonna go shopping because I have social anxiety
problems yeah I mean I'm not going into the grocery store to buy a bunch of
fucking mushy slimy lettuce from a fucking corporate grocery store promo
code Harmontown why don't you go to get your lettuce from like a nice farmers
market because those are run by ISIS I'm going to Blue Apron for all of my
needs they're farmed to mouth it's farmed to mouth they skip the whole
table it's fork to mouth fork to mouth double penetration what about the
packaging it comes in a blue apron okay so that's like fully recyclable yeah
you unfold it then you wear what it came in compost and it's already got food on
it it's made of fruit roll-up so you can eat you can eat the you can eat the
apron see I was always concerned with the packaging but now that I know that's
all made of fruit roll-ups I love it yeah it's fresh farmed to mouth ingredients
to stomach to but fully sustainable toilet bowl it's farmed to farm the ball
you'll burn the toilet food your hunger will be sown ass to mouth
who does the chewing or a human set of feet to where the guy goes yeah well
there's a guy the big guy's a fan of the movie that's the that's that's and he's
collecting people in the factory in the warehouse and he's dumping them all in
there and then there's and then there's a plot point where one of the 30 people
that are all like bound and gagged that are like trying to figure out what the
hell's going on why is this guy abducting them all and that's like a guy
shakes his gag loose and says to all of the other abductees because he's he's
referring to the movie human centipede it's a movie have you seen it
pause pause pause he's gonna sew us ass to mouth and every everyone everyone
reacts immediately even though the guy does keep repeating he's gonna sew us
ass to mouth his plaintiff whales are by nature repeated but that's more for
him because as soon as he says he's gonna sew us ass to mouth everyone acts
like they just heard the most recognizable sentence in the world like
they're under duress they're bounded deck he's gonna sew us ass to mouth oh no oh
no not that I would be like what not that old trope what yeah everyone hide
under the bed what what a hack he's gonna she's gonna show us has a month what
I would I would I would be I would need to I would need to ask a thousand times
what did you say you say Yanny he's gonna sew us ass to mouth I heard something
different I heard green needle they all act like like like like like like the
guy just said like the room's filling up with water right exactly that old
that old primal fear someone's sewing you ass to mouth that all that phrase
that triggers an immediate crisis it's circular to it's circular is it a closed
circuit I'm not gonna oh no I don't want to be so
nasty mouth who does I was talking to Dino recently that dogs would love to
be so nasty mouth that's probably but but to what that would be that like they
love shit that's that's dog get a bunch of dog heaven it's just it's just an
endless string of dogs right muzzle attached to another dogs canine
centipede that's not a horror movie I think we just got to be though it's got
to be other way around that's a Pixar feel good yeah it's kind of it is like
awakenings yeah it's like a feel good Oscar movie or it's cat cat cat cat cat
cat dog I have a dog when I was in New York as a kid that dog loved to eat
horseshit just we just eat it like it was just dogs love horseshit you know eat
just just couldn't get enough horseshit my dog grew up on horseshit yeah yeah
that's why his coat was so shiny she grew up on a horseshit farm that's the
secret that you know dogs have a secret and that's redefined success yeah like
they horseshit they're like fuck yeah I'm nailing it there's grass in here he
didn't finish this elephants and like a lot of herbivores go back and eat their
own poop because like we kind of digested none of that right my stomachs
aren't made to really well cellulose hard to break down vegetative soul wall is
eating almost impossible to digest animals that have developed to graze
have intensely crazy labyrinthine digestive systems that are capable of
somewhat breaking down grass because they're like imagine that's like being
able to desalinate ocean water it'd be like if you could do it all of our
problems are over but it's really fucking hard to do it and meanwhile tigers
are like why don't you just grow claws and eat you well because we can all eat
me you can drink a little of your own pee if you're really thirsty and it doesn't
fuck you up but then they shit bricks of hay basically because you can even if
you're a fucking elephant with all of the good if we eat grass we would probably
we would poop just grass it would just be grass and like whatever we should try
it like a Philly cheesesteak physical challenge what would that look like if
humans just ate that much grass you'd be I think we would just we would do we
would we would starve to death because we would be like we can't even break down
the cellulose cellulose in grass like like like like grazing plants like we
can eat a carrot but we can't eat grass because it's just it grass is just made
out of fucking Kevlar like like like like the amount of like shit that it takes
to turn that into food it's not worth it yeah and so when they poop it's like it's
a bunch of grass and that's why and then the elephant next to you goes like what
do you what are you doing yeah and I was like well I'm shitting it because I have
to I was gonna take it for another spin he's like well can I do you mind you
you're already you're already facing that way are you mind no go ahead knock
yourself out when they get right up in there eat the poop out the butt sometimes
yeah they put the trunk everybody elephants yeah you can see right up
another elephant's ass a trunk up an ass it's great pull out a brick but you
don't eat from their trunk leave from their mouth no they pull it grab it in
the trunk like a hand yeah pull a brick of this has got to be like a thing they
do once in a while as a joke or like a terrible captain youtube videos of it
I'm telling you it's gotta be a thing like different angles of the same thing
and giraffes drink piss you'll find this is also true there's at least seven
videos of people freaking the fuck out because they think that they're the
first and last person to ever see an elephant reach its trunk up another
elephant's asshole pull a turd out and eat it they're they're justifiably very
excited they're like the word Bob Saget has never been exclaimed so many times
but but but the jokes on them because they're part of a playlist the club like
bunch of people at the Brooklyn Zoo seeing an elephant eat its own shit for
the first time what if this is a captivity thing I don't well it could
it could very well be something that gets I'm calling captivity on this you
know about the chimpanzee frog thing I mean we don't need to rehash too many we
gotta retire the podcast cuz we're just saying the same I don't know about the
chimpanzee just go Google when you go home today Google chimpanzee frog there's
nothing to jump on to chipman's he'll put a frog on the deck and just kill it
and throw it away like a like a used condom they'll they'll though worse than
kill it like we'll kill a buffalo and then not use all of it a chimpanzee
won't bother killing the frog it'll just it just uses it humiliated it'll
just load it and then and then just throws it like a loofa in a public
shower and and the frog you have you you that's never gonna walk the same it
takes a lot to watch a video about a fucking primate that has 99.5% of your
DNA and identify with a reptile like there's a serious crime happening when
you're like I'm the frog you just did something horrible like you don't think
you don't feel that way about the termites when it dips the stick in but
like these things will fuck up if you wouldn't use the stick the frogs gotta
have some sort of special shape it's like a you know it's it's probably
evolution actually basically like all chimpanzees are what we like all
chimpanzees are sociopaths like they're they're like we're fascinated by serial
killers and mafia hit men and things like that we go like oh it's like they
don't even they don't have an empathic response like that's all chimps are just
like there's like look at the frog and they're like what's this thing look at
this look at this mouth looks like a chip pussy
frogs like I have a face can't you see that yeah no I saw it I'm but they're
kind of asking for it because they're always out there going rub it just give me a break that's all the
time we have for tonight rub it that's not even oh that's what a horny toad says
it's not a horny toad says rub it I mean they say Budweiser because they're drunk
and they asked for it because they've been drinking all this Budweiser they're
asking again you're telling me if you didn't think of that joke you would have
kept it to yourself I don't know man I've yeah I don't know and that's why
that you would be turned by the Nazis in one day like you think that's how now I
feel like that's more evidence that I wouldn't be because I would be I was like
as like well I needed to rhyme with ribbit you can't you can't change a
whole vowel but different cultures say cockadoodle dude yeah well okay so a
French dog supposedly says yeah yeah yeah or whatever I was this is what it
says oof oof yeah it's OEUF I love that section of your foreign language in
high school that's with a whole fucking chapter of ant well let's learn what a
cow says in front of your mind cow says yonnie in French
Spiegel in German yeah yeah check us a lock in cats say green needle and the
Yugoslavian ones say they say show they say dead I don't know they say we needed
to form a new country that doesn't have the croats Dan do you know why French
chefs only use one egg to make an omelet wait hold on I know I got it why
are they always you want you already know are you my buzz in yeah no no it's
better when you tell I know what it is because I know I took two semesters of
French how you're gonna nail it because it because because it's an OEUF one egg
is enough yeah one egg is enough there's your French lesson for today do you
know what no that was too dumb we should add those like animated speech like
thought bubbles to our heads like for the live feed like in those dating shows
on MTV I'm just thinking about stuff I wanted to plug an hour ago what do you
plug right yeah does anyone seen a cassette tape anywhere I didn't bring
one speaking of cassette tapes isn't isn't there something involving that
happening I heard there is I put one out on this label called star burns
industries press hmm and it's it's really fun and cool and you can get a
digitally what's it called it's called recorder for quality assurance so what
is that there's like a tape club yeah this is tape club you sign up for it and
you get one a month and you can even get a cassette player if you don't have one
they'll send one to you you went a little Christopher walking on that that was
Christopher walking you kind of went a little walking so really the thing we're
plugging is like we got like is it do you know you know is is Tantrum's thing
coming out on that too or okay I've got one coming out that you're on right and
Rob Corddry and Tomkins and proofs it's a lot of good stuff what is it like a year
of tapes you're getting you get a subscription based thing where you get
kind of a tape of the month kind of thing where like like like random stuff
comes and you get an old-school Walkman and then I think it's gonna all be
released maybe digitally later on yeah mine's out digitally now oh yeah why are
you so ahead of the game that's the most of I'm just literally the first one
when is Pemberton's coming out Pemberton's Pemberton's your scarband the
Pemberton's Johnny in the Pemberton's you're playing at the Blue Cafe in
Long Beach I'm going on tour in the East Coast starting June 6 Johnny the
Pemberton's Boston New York Philadelphia DC you're opening up for the for
myself yeah yeah it's Jenny in the Pemberton just in case anybody's
interest is piqued by this cassette business just in case well I'm just
like yeah I'm gonna come see you in Boston and June or whatever but wait wait
what was this cassette thing is that a bit or whatever it's you go to Starbucks
audience church what do we call it SBI press I would say just Google it yeah
Google it on drip drip web address is impossible to use it's like a bad web
address it's like an old web address where I'm just looking right in the
camera saying this just for because I I know I'm just acknowledging the
convention of the recording right now SBI press on drip right it's a website
it's like Kickstarter but or it's like patreon I guess it's like everything
that everything is everything it's like Donnie Hathaway eating a giant dick
thousand years ago and halfway Donnie Hathaway the guy wrote everything is
everything that soul singer from Chicago 75 greatest song ever everything is
everything you know the truth about life I'm not familiar song by Donnie
Hathaway called everything is everything he wrote it and like some year but it
came out 1975 that's one of the greatest songs of all time and that song pretty
much is right about everything that's also a really good song hmm I've got a
text from Zach it's his girlfriend's birthday Zac McKeever who couldn't be
here tonight he's with his girlfriend in Seattle let's give him a shout out
Zach and Ann I hope you go I hope you're both ass to mouth right now I think
that's very sporting so an ass to mouth I hope that what if you're both ass to
mouth that's that's can you do that yeah you can I realize our policy of not
shouting out the people who are actively working for us probably makes them
feel like it's okay to go out of town for for a show but last thing we want to
do is reward them when they do that right it's like that's like that's like
the state that's like the principle and the morning announcements going like
let's go let's let's talk about who's playing hooky today who's in detention
today who's missing here today one of our tech guys what happened at that
what would they do he well did you notice that things seemed a little
shoddy I don't know like they're like the format was a little wobbly at the top
of the show Zach kind of usually brings it makes it sound you know it's kind of
maybe this the person operating the scissor lift I love to hear that sound
right now we have no audience but we have we have 500 teamsters that are
required to be here but they have to be absolutely quiet they're all they have
six scissor lifts if you if you turn these cameras around it looks like Lord
of the Rings like outside the castle that work army there's just like there's
there's there's so there's Ali fonts and there's like blue ghosts but they're
all being incredibly respectful because we're not allowed to have an audience do
we go to the audience thing next Sunday I don't know it gets complicated week
fourth and it's a Monday we're moving to Mondays yeah why don't we bring Steve
Levy up so he can he can do an information dump it's information dump and time
I'm Steve Levy to
what do you do you're a Jew that that pretty much sums me up you guys know me
so well bad bad bad woman to spin my dreedle
I got a whole lot of candles on my menorah tonight that woman gives me
spiky it's not it's not it's not it's not the humidity it's her she's making me
hot right now or what you think just give them give my heads up your look
your head is becoming like a little like a little too pay you mean a yarmulke is
that trying to say oh I was gonna say Schmata did you put you change the shape
of your hat in solidarity because we were skewing anti-semitic so you wanted
to balance it was a coincidence it was just sort of one of those things that
happened that will never know why sometimes like as a goi goi him I don't
know how that works Steve either is on the in in Yiddish is Yiddish or Hebrew
I also don't know that Yiddish is like slang right it's like it is a Eastern
European language that was spoken by Jewish people and so words that end with
um is that like plural in yeah it's like there's a goi and then there's a bunch
of goi um is that yeah all right it's a flock of goi him and it's a murder of
latkes that's what the golem oh it's golem gellum all right Steve break us
down from the perspective of the person that that keeps that keeps caring what
we're doing about time I mean like I don't know someone says next Saturday to
me I'm like this is the last show in the venue this is the last show we're doing
here at Sarvern are you shitting me yep yeah last night Jesus we should have
done something are we bringing the bed with us as a bed stand now that is
coming along and it's gonna play the piano where no we're gonna be in for
this is the last time we're not gonna be in front of people yeah man this is the
end of our isolation yeah come back when it's in front of people yeah it'll be
better but more importantly what should we do before that we can't do in front
of people oh shit um I should have brought my Minecraft laptop let's sew
ourselves ass to mouth oh wow we'll see that's significant what is it like who
if we're all gonna do that who sews what's the workflow on us sewing
ourselves ass to mouth with each other well you're you're you're a centipede
syndicalist you believe that that it should be worked into the centipede I
don't believe in mutual I mean yeah I'm more of a reciprocity based how about
magnets no I but I believe that there should always be a doctor in order for
there to be a centipede you could do it as a lot you could put electromagnets in
our mouths and then the other side of the electromagnetic on a butt and then
you could then you just have everyone has control of the switch so if you want
to a lot of people would say Jeff that if it's not sewn it's not a centipede
because it's like we aren't we already don't we already have the option of
putting our lips on each other's but holes and eating all the poop from each
other's butts I'm saying the control of the switch like it switches around I
like you can have control for like eight hours it's a liberal fantasy you know
you got to choose do you want my lips in your ass full okay I'm listening
have I got your attention I'm all I'm all ears and then it's my turn to have
your mouth sewn to my butt I can't sew that so yeah that's I'm saying you need
a doctor Pemberton so is my your mouth to my butt we got Spencer's left right
but now we have you know we got both of you left I don't think that the doctors
Spencer shows Pemberton's mouth to my butt mm-hmm at the very end when it's
time for Spencer's mouth to be sewn to a butt and mouth and butt to a mouth we're
gonna have to all get into kind of like circle the wagons yeah and so we're
gonna they're gonna get into a circle and that's because at that point we'll
be able to form a human wheel and roll at high speeds that's where the term
sewing circle comes from right I you do raise an interesting point about the
human centipede mythos I've watched all three of those movies and I and I cannot
pin the characters or the director down and whether or not he thinks that having
your lips sewn to another person's butt is a good thing or a bad I don't I don't
understand how it works they what you don't you understand because I mean you
would just do the question that poop is not food is that your problem no no no
it's not that at all it's more like imagine your lips being sewed to someone
else's asshole right yeah right you're gonna lose the ability to use your
your mandible right so it's like if someone shits like a giant log you're
fucking in soft your nose well you gotta hope you're gonna have to you
gotta start furiously furiously swallowing that poop well I thought you
were going is like this isn't how skin works it's not like welding you're
gonna rip your fucking lips off somebody's yeah that's the truth yeah you
will just ask me that's the important question what's more important to you
ripping off the front of your face or eating some of that delicious I suspended
my disbelief on the lip stuff but if someone's taking a giant turd in your
mouth you can't you can't suspend your you but he also he feeds them special
food you haven't watched these movies no no he doesn't feed him like fucking
broccoli and chicken okay like he makes him eat like fucking protein broth and
stuff like he wants him to have diarrhea it's it's all very it's like the guy
explains it you haven't watched these movies is it here it's like a little
here want to be huh I don't know what that is the actor who do here what's that
are you kidding me I think you do here I think here is dick and farsi I'm gonna
look it up you guys you guys know who here is you know who's hola is he's an
actor he's like a crazy eyes he's been in a bunch of war hall movies he was in
blood for Dracula he's whatever here who do here all right leave me tell them
tell the tell the people from so from here now the next time they want to see
us it'll be Monday June 4th 8 p.m. at the dynasty typewriter Hayworth theater in
Korea town so that's Los Angeles California now hold on a second can we
all right but are we first going on the road no no that's later okay that's like
mid late June that's like yeah late June so those shows are the 23rd at the
Wilbur theater in Boston and so we have next week yeah we couldn't fucking
sorry 22nd 22nd at the Wilbur theater 23rd on Long Island at the Cradle
Aviation Museum for the for the that convention if we didn't do shows when I
didn't feel like doing them we that's the show we I mean going away is that's
a that's not necessarily your fault it's it's his fault yeah I'm just saying it's
okay to go away Memorial Day is bigger than me and my needs it's about our
nation's soldiers about 9-11 it's about 9-11 it's about war and yellow ribbons
and supporting things David get a memory it's about dear hunter it's about it's
about Michael man transformers it's about the dead it's about Independence Day
the movie even though it's a different holiday right it's more about it's more
of a Memorial Day movie for me yeah it's about our arm services yeah well I
think you know there's not a heavy Thanksgiving element to Wizard of Oz but
people have come to why I think you're right Independence Day is a great
Memorial Day movie it's for me it's the only one which is why IFC plays it on
loop for 24 hours huh oh for Christ's sake all right Pemberton plugged he's got
a cassette tape that's part of this giant subscription that you can get where
you get a tape every week yeah kiss my asses every month the satellite for
Sunday the month but this this on June it's gonna be we're doing it in Denver
do you know that Anna of Zac McKeever fame who is currently asked to mouth in
Seattle with our Zach uh-huh produces that show and Hosni yeah true she
produces it it's true I know her when she's not eagerly gobbling poop out of
Zach's but well a German scientist who we will never be able to pin down on his
feelings about it keep keep saying yes yes well it's the next stage in human
evolution I mean he says that but right I just I don't I don't but he doesn't
understand that you can't eat poop and then like when it turns out you can't
he's like wait what but also he's like stoked about how it's uncomfortable for
them right like he's like yeah I love making you do it because you hate it
survival of fitness so you don't like it like you don't think a human should be
eating shit because you you actually are just a regular guy that's just like
hates like hitchhikers or whoever these people are that came to your German lair
right that's just a masochist right
status status I think I think he's doling out what he considers the
ultimate punishment he's not he's not into it he's he's into making people
bummed out in the original movie the original movie he he that's the TV that's
the Chuck Lorre's human centipede jump bummed out that's actually what the
singularity is the Canadian Dave Foley's in it that's the singularity is when
they remake the human centipede every once in a while you gotta take what
you're giving for my new friends in a circle of friends bummed out sometimes
life throws stuff at you and sometimes you throw stuff at life be friends with
the person behind you giving as good as you get to giving it back paying it
forward taking it back I'm with you and we're on the right track bummed out
Dave Foley is the bumbling sadistic German scientists I was on the road with
Dave Foley for a couple weeks and he's a fucking joy he's absolutely a sweetheart
and fuck is he funny so funny well I hope he is okay with the fact that when
he comes on the show there's gonna be a fucking audience because we just burnt
up our last delicious taste of no audience I think he is born in front of
an audience I think he's a born performer what do we do what's the
lab we're never gonna be in total silence in a dark empty warehouse ever
again what what's the thing you always wanted to do Spencer already pitched
asked a man centipede yeah Dan you should say all those things that you don't
like saying in front of an audience because they'll make weird sounds right
okay race oh wait no I'm making the sounds 85% of everyone is stupid and
that actually does include 85% of whatever group you belong to believe me
I've met you I'm stupid oh maybe 85 chance four of us are I don't like okay
here's a good one I just get to get this out before we have an audience I
recognize it as a well-executed movie compared to the Sony versions I think
it's a waste of Spider-Man to just turn him into a AI suit with Tony Stark just
providing him with a Spider-Man suit what's this yeah the new Spider-Man is
that it's like I have he gets a new suit from Tony Stark and it's like this suit
is like talking to him like Jarvis and I like that I get the complaints the thing
is like in the story of like Civil War and everything that did happen but it's
like that's not like a quintessential Spider-Man story it's not like a reboot
Spider-Man story it's like this very like that's like the seventh Spider-Man
movie can be about oh now he has a Spider-Man AI suit it's kind of an
interesting choice for you know for what's essentially like a reboot like
setting off the it's weird yeah did you like that in a quiet place did we talk
about this I haven't seen it and I won't watch it and here's why I don't like
deaf people movies now I'm kidding I I'm just trying to think of like the things
to say before an audience comes back I can't talk about Atlanta I haven't
watched Atlanta how about dead cool that's that's that's all I keep saying
is having watched Atlanta devil to his very meta it's enjoyable meta how meta
it's way up its own ass I never way I never met a set and watch themselves
filming it pretty much it's like the first one like like like yeah it references
everything it's references the Avengers video assist almost actually yeah the
whole movie takes place in video village yeah there's an element of rewind
play fast forward in there how many how many people is our theater than the new
venue hold 500 yeah for real no I think it's 150 but it's a good amount it's
really really nice seats right sprays great sound and we're looking at it in
the prestigious stabbing district downtown Los Angeles right that you will
want to bring pepper spray usually can get it on clearance of fries yes run
don't walk from your car to the theater to see Harmontown well you will have
to run from your car because you have to park so fucking far away that you'll
have to be late just left or uber or carpool yeah pull up pull up pull pull
right up to the front we'll have a paparazzi out there for you that could
be cool we should do that for our big opening we should hire a red carpet
should we do a hand bone like like paparazzi red carpet thing as long as
I don't have to do anything I have to commit but yeah yeah I just pictured you
out there crack it down rolling up some carpet staple gun in hand hot glue in
some some do some appliques onto a thing you want to do some step-and-turns
step-and-turns yeah repeat is it really trying to think I'm trying to think of
the thing oh one more thing it's before we before we're back in front of an
audience I don't like poor people and I don't have to because I what I grew up
poor enough that I know that you there's nothing magical about being poor you
you can be poor and be a fucking dumb asshole just as easily as you can be
born rich and be a dumb asshole so when you say to me on Instagram hey
why don't you stop doing what you're currently doing and do what I tell you
to do and I tell you to go fuck your mother you dumb broke hillbilly fuck
face and stop giving me advice about the hair on my shoulders in my shower
because your life sucks because you're a fucking loser and you try to play the
class system fucking card with me you can double fuck yourself with a hundred
poor dicks because I made myself out of dirt without permission and that's
exactly why you can go fuck yourself because I'm 45 years old so I'm better
than you I made myself rich so I'm better than you I'm I'm I have I have a
differently shaped brain than yours and that doesn't make me better than you but
it makes me luckier than you which makes me better than you because
capitalism so stop telling me what to do because by every rule you hold important
you have to shut the fuck up forever all the time whenever you're in my
presence because you're a lower person than me you're and you're and you're
you're an animal so I just wanted to get that off my chest but I say I say we
delete this from this and you save this for the audience no no I'm getting
open with it we open with it it's a it's like a rom-com it's like we broke up
like I do we I don't like I've had a I've had a good time in my bachelor pad
without the audience like rolling around in my own farts I can't wait to be back
in front of the audience with flowers and candy what if you got Bernie made
off and some horrible shit happened and you couldn't make money and you lost
everything and you were a poor guy again I'd be a poor guy who proved he was
better than other people by having made myself rich and then I'd be twice as
angry about being poor what I don't even know where you're going all those
people they're still doing fine are they yeah also you can't make me poor Jeff
people have been trying for 40 years dude don't fucking issue that sort of
fucking challenge no I'm making you poor and fucking 48 hours no I will
reverse Brewster's million you this is part of our great new road movie that
we're doing for Netflix there's no back-end but Davis makes you poor and
48 hours to two friends I bet I could make you poor and 48 hours well yeah
we're gonna spread my dad's ashes okay Adam Sandler is Jeff Davis in Neil
Patrick Harris as David Allen Greer I but but wait what was I I was just about
to say you're you're hating on the poor yeah yeah but that's not helping cuz I
knew that part but shit I had it on the tip of my tongue fuck lost it lost it
what if you if something about you say like what if you could make me what if
you what if you made me poor what if you lost everything oh I know what it is
because you and you implied that if I say oh people have been trying to make me
poor and they can't beat me and all this stuff here's the thing another thing
you got my chest before before we make up with the audience and we entertain
them because they're gonna buy tickets and we're gonna be like you're good
people like like some of your bad people but we're gonna like pretend you're
good people this this little anti poor monologous ticket sales gold right it
doesn't also we don't hear one person shows up for the show that we did
doubled our zero audience I'm invincible we're also charging ticket master
prices as I think I think yeah it's $800 for the first for the first 20 rows is
$800 but and ironically those are the seats that are the worst because when I
do my wire fly you're gonna get kicked in the face I actually I'm gonna be
controlling no my therapist and I are working on I have to get over this idea
that if you say I'm a great person you can't beat me I'm wonderful I'm having
a good life that that means that an anvil is gonna fall on your head like
that's a that's a that's a that's a normally healthy thing because you're
not supposed to be a pompous cock and like right that's a normally healthy
thing that's a normally healthy thing but but for me it's like you know carbs
are normally healthy for some people but like I have to be on a diet that like
yeah well you don't have to know okay I have to know yeah yeah you what you know
doesn't matter and that won't and won't have negative repercussions on me
because it's okay for me to be confident and certain about what makes me happy
there won't be negative repercussions because I was satisfied with myself or
my work or my life or anything was good enough like there is no punishment from
the universe for me being okay with the way the day is going and there there's
no there's no reason for me to check in and make sure that's okay with you
that's something that everybody else needs to do because they're fucking
stupid and they need to grow and be better people I have become God where
does poverty come into the story you're more mad about because my money is a
direct measure of my worth as a person my accomplice I don't know what are you
talking about you're more mad at stupid people than than whether they have money
in the bank I right I don't I don't know what what you just did a giant rant
about your poor people poor people or animals I don't know if I did a giant
rant about anything for that's your subjective what I what I said was if
you're an Instagram and I tell you to go fuck yourself and one of the things I
tell you that is a reason why you shouldn't be telling me what to do is
because your dumb ass is broke in addition to you being anonymous living
with your parents having accomplished nothing having a life half the length
of mine not making anyone happy and not following me and you're following me
instead of I'm following you there's a million reasons why if you really think
about it it's fucking dumb for you to ever open your mouth around me like like
you don't have to then you're not gonna get away with saying to me oh that makes
you a lannister because it doesn't like like you're a you're a fucking idiot and
a gross little dirty filthy piglet and being broke as a part of that because
because because there's not a lot of rich people doing it like like getting
it watching me take a shower and my Instagram feed and telling me that I
need to get my shoulders like to do the hair or whatever there's not a lot of
rich people doing that maybe maybe that's the connection I don't know James
Woods James Woods is in my Instagram telling me to get hair removal he's a
troll oh he's a big-time troll you're 15 you're poor your parents are they
fucked up you you you you you're a failure you're gonna die miserable and
you won't even know it you'll think you're happy that's how miserable and
dumb you are you can't even you can't even detect misery as much as I can I
have more emotional taste buds than you it's probably a bad time to announce
your run for Congress yeah all right I think it's all I think it's all out so
then we'll next time you see me this is definitely been worked out
certainly done it's all done well I think you're being sarcastic and you're
suggesting that something bad happened well no I'm not I'm just like it seems
like I don't think this is a difficult for you to sit and listen to me say a
bunch of stuff and then go ah that's great is that a tough choice for you as
a performer are you yeah yeah okay I like let's switch roles like like like say a
bunch of stuff all right I love poor people yeah yeah that's great no you're
doing you know you're doing what you always do right now let me do what you
do now you just talk just talk this is be talking great great job great job you're
doing great you're a great job great job yeah great job I like working yeah that
happened yeah I agree with that love having fun with my friends all right
for an audience who appreciates it all right so next time we should see the
closing theme for after we should say good like good but like good night to all
of our non-audience members yeah is it going to be is it going to be Rob
Tantrum singing lyrics that I have to sing over or is it good could we oh I
thought it was gonna be like a fiddler on the roof style Harmontown yeah I think
we should do a fiddler on the roof style Harmontown goodbye yeah I'll be
Teviah is it okay I'm not as familiar with it as there is there two roles I'll
be the roof can you breeze me on it before I'll be the roof lay down and you
can fit along upon me I am him that has come forth for this salvation upon the
mountain that has been spoken unto thee for the Ephesians know now that this is
the light of the Covenant everlasting for the blood from the mountain that is
the eye of him says to you go back find this with which it has come and I will
be that sprout within your penis
I gotta say goodbye to the no people this is giving you flashbacks to forcing
myself to do this at the end of every show for a year while we were on the
road though I did a movie about myself I produced a movie about myself and we did
30 shows about me and we sang this song cuz we couldn't pay for our music and we
couldn't put music in our movie so we made Ryan elder make us music we could
keep using and we got sick of it so we made everyone sing this song and then
we had to keep going on to 25 shows in 20 days and keep pretending to learn
things but when you drink too much and the director is sober he'll make the
movie about drinking because drinking's a bigger deal the sober people thank you
for coming to Harmonton everybody let's give it ever Steve Levy Johnny
Pemberton everybody check out what's your podcast called again this called
live the tape live the tape yeah fantastic great also check out
Pemberton's it's gonna just coming out in the season three is coming out in the
learning channel three on TLC number one place to be give it up for for Chris
Sarah Harry Foster doing our music and sounds and everything tonight
Zach Yusong church of course taking all the wonderful photography and being
groupie Nolan everybody here also that's a Derek Carter play the music I was playing
earlier so go down in history as the Roadhouse Jews how many episodes are we
doing at that space isn't it like six and then we're it's like a residency right
like we're doing like there's a there's a fixed number of them and we're done
right well there's a there's a thing that they didn't tell us we could keep
showing up so forever there's an agreement that we signed this song I don't
feel so good ID FSG is out there to probably download the purchase it's good stuff
and for anyone wants to come see us live you can find our tickets online on a
vent right but you just don't be poor see you next time try fast and take chances
did you get any of that